Fix: diskless - Update readme.rst regarding GPG keys (#642)
bluebanquise/bluebanquise: roles/core/diskless/readme.rst

In this menu you can do 3 actions:

> * Generate a new nfs staging image : A staging image is the base image. You must not boot onto a stagging image but firstly create a golden image from it and boot on the golden image specific filesystem (Created with option 3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Generate a new NFS staging image : A staging image is the base image. You must not boot into a staging image but firstly create a golden image from it and boot on the golden image specific filesystem (Created with option 3).
```

> * Generate a new nfs golden image from a staging image : Create a golden image from previously created staging image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Generate a new NFS golden image from a staging image : Create a golden image from previously created staging image.
```
